vimlicas:....
atleast the elders could learn to organize and learn what it takes to make an organization strong.
the us government is by far the most powerful political system in the face of the earth because of american tax payers.
each year we have contributed millions of dollars to help strengthen our defense system,our schools, roads, etc.
the heck with these selfish radical hmong who, as you said, are probably jealous of the elders ssi.
it just goes to show how envious we are of the elders' life style.
that we can't compete with them!

.....
i dare people like ilean her and lee pao to tell their aunts or uncles that they are being exploited, better yet their daddies or mommies.
where are ilean her and povlis xiong when hmong in mn or the twin cities' divorce rate is sky rocketing.
where are they when hmong adultery is taking more lives away than those who are borned?
these ought to be the main issues that we as young hmong need to seek help with.

charlie american charlie and all i call those self-claim intellectual...
>>> interlacktual <<<< whatever you said, vimlicas and charlie...
exploitation of the uninformed and the uneducated elders is still exploitation - a scam.

the informed and able to make decision for themselves never fell victim of these so call money for rank and position in that small country of laos.

jealous?
you damn right!
instead of using their ssi to pay their monthly rent and support their kids through school, they put their ssi in the pocket of neohom-for whatever mailitary rank or official position of few mountain top in laos.
it was the dream that never will be but fooled the uninformed that it is.

i don't deny the capability and ability of those elders whom created organization for right causes.
i admire them for their passion and love of the hmong.
however, i can't stand those that scam the elders' ssi.

zhen, jim, charlie, vilica, and all.

yog hais tias, gvp, nws thov li neeg church thiab lwm yam--es kom cov laus no muab rau nws, vim nws los lau lawm thiab yog lawv ib tug yawg hlob los lawm.
es lawv muab ua npus ua khu (give a great fortune), ces tsi muaj dabtsi li.
tsi tag li ntawv xwb, lawv yeej hos txaus lawv siab muab rau gvp aws.

tabsi cov ua tuaj dag noj dag haus no, tsua yog siv gvp lub npe xwb ne.

cov neeg tseem ceeb thiab paub tab, ces lawv twb tsi tham txog lawm nev.
lawv tuaj mus ntxias cov neeg ruam ruam thiab tsi paub qab paub haus li es noj lawv cov nyiaj cov txiaj xwb ne.
tsi tag li thiab, lawv tseem muaj "xab" rau es kom them ua hli thiab muaj range rau tus neeg ntawv them thiab.
yog thaum zoo li no lawm, tsi tsim nyog kiag rau yus ib haivneeg aws.
yeeb vim hais tias, peb txhua tus yeej paub hais tias, lub teb chaws nplog no yeej tsi lam muaj tau li, es pheej muab tej "xab" tuaj ntxias tej niam tej txiv ua ruam ruam no, yog li, puas yog yus "rov taw tuam ntuj rau yus haivneeg lawm aws".
kheev lam tej no, lam yog gvp ua lub hauvpaus mas, twb tsi yog thiab nev, lawv siv nws lub npe tuas coj los noj thiab los haus xwb nev.
ces kuj phem dhau tshaj txhua yam lawm aws.

zhen, txawm muaj lub teb chaws nplog los, cov hmoob thiab nplog nyob tiv, es lawv sawv los ua tau ntau xyoo npaum li no, es tsi pub nom rau lawv ua thiab, ces peb kuj tsi txawv cov lpdr li thiab.
tos hais li no, los, cov nom thiab xab lawv tsa tim no twb muab txhua txhua daim av nplog los draw tag nrho lawm ne.

yog li ntawv ces peb tsi tag mus hais lpdr li lawm aws, thiab tsi tag mus nrhiav kev thajyeeb rau nplog teb lawm aws.
cias li cias peb hmoob ua nom thiab coj cov xab no nyob rau teb chaws no xwb los yeej tau lawm aws.
es peb hmoob leej twg tsi txau siab ces cias li kom mus ntsib nws tus nom xwb---vim txhua txhua cobmoua, thaseng, governor, and military range muaj tag aws.
zoo li, nyob america teb no xwb, cov tau general coob kawg kiag lawm--hauv kuv lub zos xwb, kuv twb paub tsi tag lawm thiab nev.

this prove that we are no better than the lpdr right.
we must strive to be better and come up with the best solution to solve and help all the hmong across the world, mas thiaj li yog os.

born2behmong
