tus yawg tobe no puas yog tus thaum i kuv nrog tham lawm ne?
ehehehehe i like your views above, tobe.

ms i am not a vang pao or yang dao and i hate both of their idealogical but i think as the media dig deeper and deeper into this sh1t it will only help the general and his organization.
it will only make him more famous.

u guys can hate them or love them all u wanted and u can bash all u all u wanted.

the truth is vang pao doesn't give money to the laos communist but yang dao is.

vang pao doesn't kiss the laos communist's.
ass but yang dao is.

so who is giving money away instead of supporting our kids to go to school?

is yang dao the guys that give thousands and thouands of money to laos communist khamtai who is a multi-millionaire or vang pao who is fighting for freedom in laos and trying to support his soldiers in the jungle of laos?

yang dao is a hypocrise.
he spoke against against vang pao's idea of returning to laos someday but look who is returning to laos and supporting the laos communist?
yang daos often made speech about going to school,get ur education and this is ur country but his goal is returning to laos and working for the laos goverment.
yang dao's trying to get you into his organization and then convert you into his followers that is what he do.

i talk to some yang leaders and they told me what yang dao them plan and will do.
he told me that some of the yang people often come together and met and swear not to let the secret out by raising ur hand into the air, promised against god, not tell anyone or group about their secret plan against vang pao.

their plan is to go against vang pao, his organization and topple him.

again, this is not fact but was told by some yang peole that was very close to yang dao and his group.

about vang pao, i believe he is serious about winning laos back but he has no power and no knowledge of how to do it.
i also believe his organizaiton is so disorganize and not widely plan that is it is not effective.

i hate both of yang dao's organization and vang pao's organization and their ideas.

amen
