zhen, hahhahahahha.....
thaub aws, these folks don't even know how to say hmong words, and then teaching ntawv hmoob.....
5555555. kawg cov neeg laus sys thiab tseemyeej lawv cov no twb paub hmoob lus tsi tag, es yuav hais peb cov hlua niam no nab.
peb mus qhia ces peb lam tau lam qhia ua dog ua dig li peb kawm ntawv tom kev los no xwb.

koj mas, qhov kuv hais no, vim cov no-nyias qhia ces nyia cias li develop nyia qhov style thiab lub tswvyim, ua yog tsi yog los, coj los qhia li nws txoj kev nyiam thiab xav tau hauv nws lub hlwb xwb.
zoo li no, 100 tus hmoob teachers los lawv qhia lawm 100 yam li.
es thaum peb yog neeg professional level lawm, peb lam tau lam ua li no rau peb hom lus, tsi muaj uniform, los yog peer review kom siv nyog li.
puas yog yus rov ruav yus haivneeg cov lus thiab txoj kev sau ntaub sau ntawv lawm mas.
at least lawv lam muaj peer review on what they have taught to align more with the perspective of more people's view...
hahhaha!

hos yog hais txog ntawv hmoob leeg thiab hmoob dawb mas, tsi bother kuv li.
vim lawv hais lus hmoob leeg los yus yeej paub, lawv hais lus hmoob dawb los yus yeej paub.
tsuas zoo li neeg england thiab neeg america, es hais tau lus me suab txawv me me xwb....
lol....

hahhahahaa, txog tseemyeej muab wb ob lub me saib ua qhov chaw siab, es noj wb nkaub, tuav wb npe mas, vim wb haib zog lawm xwb....
lol!
yog koj tsi cias nws cem li no thiab nws kuj tusiab dhau hwv lawm los pob, vim thaum yus cam nrog reason es tsi yeej lawm, koj tsi cem ces tsi muaj chaw mus lawm ned.
ua neeg nyob thaum yus swb lawm, yus yuav tsum tau cem lus phem lus zoo kom txhob muaj neeg txav tis yus hod.
this is part of a normal animal behavior and existing.....
lol...
tso dag xwb...
555555555555 born2behmong if you are to be a mong teacher, you must be able to communicate and write in both dialects or you are not qualified to teach.
it is as simple as that!
and if this course is specifically offered to teach white hmong only, i wouldn't argue.
prove to me that it is so!
your reply here shows that you are not only ignorant but very racist against mong leng.

when did i whine at you?!
prove to me the date and time when i did so, zenh.
it is you who whining at mong leng because of your bigotry.

you have proved nothing except that you are a racist thug!

wow!
this clearly shows how little you know and how ignorant you have become.
i guess there were no mong leng at that time, dude!
i guess there were no moua kiatong, no hang chao, no mong leng villages, no mong leng clan leaders.
i guess all mong leng ate out of the hands of these so called white hmong leaders--dream on!

don't make up stories.
it is you who says mong leng are not mong.
in your mind, mong leng just don't exist, and white hmong are the superior race.
your statements are reminiscence to that of hitler!

go back and re-read my posts.
did i say "all" white hmong?!
you must be either blind, too emotional, or too ignorant to see it.

these are not leaders?
again, you just prove to yourself how ignorant you are.
these are democratically elected leaders, not self appointed tyrants like your leaders!

vang pao brought neither you nor me america!
he left the mong people to die in laos.
it was the collective efforts of the mong people that brought us here.
did you think vang pao faught the secret war by himself?
it wasn't even vang pao who initiated the americans to bring us to america!

weren't they who brought respects and dignity to the mong people especially in minnesota?
how pathetic to not even appreciate that!

these are the dumbest analogies that ever came out.
again, the chinese language has nothing to do with the mong people's needs.
they are not going to lose their language but we have and will.
get it?

again, prove to me that the course was for white hmong only than i'll be quiet.

the decision makers would never make such as racist decision for they know full well that funds would be cut automacally if they are used to segregate and not serve the needs of everyone.
and unless changes are made to include mong leng, one of these days, everyone will know full well the consequences.

we are mostly talking about mong students.
however, are you suggesting that non-native speakers can't learn mong?
i'm not sure if you know but there are only four consonants and two vowels that are different between mong leng and hmong der.
these few things can be included even if you were teaching white hmong only.

no.
you are the one who are crying.
you are the one who says mong leng is not important.
you are the one who says leadership cirlces are only white hmong so we should only teach white hmong.
also, i'm not here to change things.
i'm here to share in a public forum the injustice i saw in our community.
if you are a pure mong as you claimed, you would say both mong are important, and that if we should lose any of our two dialects, it would be very a tragedy.
of course, close-minded people will never see that.

dude...
without mong leng, hmong der is nothing, and vice versa.
and again, if you can promise that you will exclude yourself from mong leng or disallowed any of your sons and daughters to marry mong leng, then i would say there's no need for you to learn mong leng.
however, before that happens, you better learn mong leng because you will meet one fact-to-face sooner or later!
