mej cov no mas cas yuav ntse ua luaj le lau luag tej nom tswv hmong thiab mekas muaj dabtsi txawb txav qhov twg qab teb qaum teb qab ntug hauv ntuj los nej yeej paub tag.
kuv yeej qhuas mej lawm hab laiv.

vp was just a soldier like anybody else except he was a higher ranking in the royal army mrii.
to my understand he did not have previledge to keep pow in long cheng.
he kept no pow prisoners on either side.
all pathet lao and vietcong pow were sent directly down to vientiane authority.

my eldest brother was a soldier since 1964 til may 1975 in long cheng, sam thong and pou mauk tham tam lin (thab taus blee) area all those years he said all ptl and viet cong pow were escorted put in helicopter and sent to vientiane authority.
my brother said he did captured few ptl soldier all of them sent to vientiane authority.

please don't try to make up story like you are a big man for hmong community.
if you want to bring the general to the court then you should start in the american white house.
bring kaison, ho chiminh, soupa nouvong back to life than maybe the white guys will start listen to you.

few of you guys here been trying very bad thread to vp one after another one after another try to bring down his reputation.
i recommand that people with kind of your education you should do something better for hmong community than what you have been bashing vp and neohome for years after yearsss.
what have you done for hmong people in the last 50 years, 40 yrs, 30 yrs, 20 yrs, 10 yrs 1yr...

nothing right.
,remember hmong as a whole still say vp is our leader he is our georgee washington.
, he is our mertin luther k, he is our linconh the list go on..
ha ha..
he is our god that i should say.

oh yeh, we share infomation and exhange.
you are wrong the way you talk the way you wrote against vp every thread here.
i afraid that you will never willing to reveal yourself's screen name to your friend or even your spouse.
the way you bashing against vp even your parents or spouse she will never aproved it.
i called alteast 4 prominent vang guys in their 40th in twin city and in california and here is what they said: there they know few vang named ceeb vaj in st.
paul and there also about 4 to 5 ceeb vang in california they said those ceeb they knew will never said bad thing like yo vp.
well i afraid thet you are those so called disguise.
first you said "we exchange infomation" but you lost your gentleman sense at the end you label vp as ditector, saddam hussein and marcos.
you should be using a screen name: ceeb devil, ceeb evil,or ceev poor.

yep.

ceeb aw...
if not vp who else?
if not vp whoooo elseeee??

i don't have 2b vang to support vp.
if your white friend ask you what, who, why you are comming to america i bet u going to say ew..
ew..
our leader gvp, our parents were soldier of cia etc..
right?
george washintn, lincon, martin l.
king make usa becom the best and most famous country on earth (not red china ok).
vp make hmong end up in usa, now hmong american are as famous as those white guys to our hmong relative in laos, thailand, and china.
now if we or me buying a new car drive it home everyone in the family is very happy.
if u go to laos visit your relative stay with them in their house, they are very as happy as your family's new car.
be the best hmong you can be ceeb don't fool around.

but remember his name..
he is our washington, lincon, martin l.
king, his name is vp.
(hlob naiphoo vaj pov).

ua caag koj yuav tshev yawv nyaav ua luaj le nad.
has ib txha los tseg ib txha haab os tus npawg.

marxfree can all
