game
thaub teev es...the other day you said vp is worthless for you. with or
without him you still be teev as today.  why today you come back and
talk about vp again. i think you are trying to lie to the hmong that
you are carelees about vp, you are thinking by doing this so you can
cripple vp on behind back.  lieing to yourself is ok, but lieing to
others is ashamed got that ? i/we knew what in your head already...
everyday for years you have been thinking about how to cripple vp only,
read your posts and people understand. all you do is
complain...complain... complain. this is your syndrome.  i think you
should quiet being a politcian because your temper is too short and
your heart is so chasm that no things can fit in.  if my english is at
your height i would persuit another path to help the hmong people (only
if you ready want to help not restroy). one example...as i can see
today a lot of hmong american are obese, poor health, poor
higience,poor diet, many still can't even write their own name or phone
number to other. no young hmong intellectual are taking lead of this
project yet.

charlie,
please ask the people in sch for their opinions whether i am most
likely to have stress and mental disorder or you are?
from your posts in sch, koj mas tem tem toob heev li. tsis muaj lwm tus
ua li ntawd li.
when i speak, my voice never gets squeaky. thaum kuv introduced kuv rau
koj nyob nram dc tias: ntawm no kuv yog teev. koj ntsej muag twb liab
tas ne. koj tsis nco lawm lod?
kuv yeej hais li koj hais thiab tias lpdr mas outdated heev li. tab sis
koj thiab koj cov kwvtij mas haj yam outdated, cuag li twb tsis tau
tuaj txog mivkas teb. kuv twb nrog cov thawj coj lpdr qho tus sib tham
lawm, lawv ntse tshaj koj lawm ntau. lawv hais lus, lawv yeej tsis xa
tom ntej tom qab, tem toob tsaw li koj.
you are a spokesperson for an organization, which has a great national
ambition, you should put forth arguments and positions that are nearly
beyond reproach. otherwise, how do you plan to convince the rest of us
that you are a qualified person and your cause is a qualified cause?
teev