this man is not a professor. he is actually an old ugly gangster. all hmong
students must request and rally to send him home. he should not hold that
title any more. there a lots of brilliants professors out there for the job.
you all students have to let the world to see that the hmong did not kill
but he had psychological killed all the entire hmong students in the
university of madison, wissonsin as well as others. his action is worse the
anything on earth.
he is not a type of professor of peace but racism and violent professor of
law. also i urge all student to write to all of your congressmen and
senators to inform then that this old ugly man had done a terrible job for
the country and you all. he is not a professor to secure the community but
to create crimes in the community.
you need to give this old ugly man a lesson that our hmong girls are the
born of nation and the value to our hmong community. only himself that can
get a free *f* with his wife. he spent not even a penny to award the parent
that provide tens thousands to support his wife from the baby age to the day
he has a *f* with her.
our hmong people don't cheat anyone as himself cheating for free *f*.
clearly explain to him that any time he *f* with his wife is a rape. he has
to understand that *f* or rape is the same action. there is no different
between these two words.
rape is created to prevent from one or more men to force for *f* with
unrelated persons or immature child(ren). example, between two unknown
persons.
he needs to resign or burn to ash him law certificate.

yawglaus es, mej swg chim dlaab tsi naj, kuv saib yawg taub tawj hov
tub has yog lug kawg le lawm, vim le hov es kuv nyob ob peb nyuag mile
ntawd lub tsev kawm ntawv hov lov kuv xam tsi nam qhuav tshej moog has
dlaab tsi, kuv xaav has tas yuav tau muab nwg nce xaab nua, mej tub
yog cov paubx lawm has tas qhov tseeb mobx le puag yog,tabsim luag has
qhov tseeb xwb.

mi nyuam hmoob mus kawm law es siab mej ua luaj twb tsis muaj peev xwm
nrog mr. kaplan sib tog txog nws lub hom phiaj thiab nws lub tswm yim
hais tias yog vim li cas nws thiaj hais tau thiab thiaj muaj qhov piv
txwv li nws tau hais li no...twb nyeem tsis tau mr. kaplan lub ntsia
lus txawm siv maj claim racist thiab apology lawm es yuav cas los ua
tau lawyer rau hmoob na?
qhov mr. kaplan hais twb muaj tseeb ne.
hmoob zoo li yog khej dub li lawm os, ib qhov ob qhov los yog racist
lawm xwb...ruam tiag!