it does not matter how sweet lpdr make up the case for unification and how great the country had been after all these years. the result and action will be too sour for anyone who want to survive.
even if lpdr offer up something sweet and beautiful. anyone may go to joinup with them but for me i´ll stay put where i am now at. after 36+ years of development by lpdr i have no desire of the result i would rather keep my 20 years of development i had invest at my current location.
yog xav kom txhob muaj tsov rog thiab kev caij tsuj los ntawm lpdr ces nyob twj ywm os. paub lawv yeej tsis nyiam tsis pub kuv rov mus yog citizen li lawm los kuv tsis ntshaw yog li lawm thiab os. yog yuav kom rov mas cov niag lpdr mag ncaws tawm tas peb mam mus txhim kho raws peb siab nyiam tom qab 30 tawm xyoo peb ho yuav vam meej tshaj lawm ntau. citzen tsis lam txom nyem li lawv cov no lawm.

yes one step at a time is all human can do. the problem is lpdr is under the control of vietnam. currently vietnam let lpdr free of the leach to control the citizens in laos. so lpdr is enjoying and believing vietnam is the one who says to be the brother. the better brother than the one they sent to the training camp. without realizing vietnam also got another shadow card. lpdr knows the card is there but do not know what the number of the card is they will keep guessing each other´s card to make their next move. lpdr will not out smart the supreme master of trick vietnam. that is why the laos king/queen just went to the camp and died silently and denying any help the other prisoners tried to help. last i heard as time pass the prisoners in the camp start to know and gossip that who is who among the prisoners. they  knew the king and queen werte among them. looking around the camp they know who is the ultimate prisoner among them. the camp guards gave the king one of the harfest physical task. other prisoner try to help the task even if heping other prisoner will be meet with heavy torture the lower rank prisoners want to help. at the end the king deny any help. saying he deserved it. anyone who can ran just ran away from the torture camp. some of the prisoner/escapees reported. they said the king was so fragile and weak when they escape.
my only comment is why does anyone ibelieve in lpdr when the real real/blood brother  can be sent to jail to die of torture and poison. does anyone think he/she is a closer relative then the king and his brother.