about money
with money you can buy a house, but not a home.
with money you can buy a clock, but not time.
with money you can buy a bed, but not sleep.
with money you can buy a book, but not knowledge.
with money you can see a doctor, but not good health.
with money you can buy a position, but not respect.
with money you can buy blood, but not life.
with money you can buy sex, but not love.
this chinese proverb brings luck.  it originated from the netherlands.
this proverb has gone around the world 8 times.  now it is your turn
to have good luck once you have received it.
this is not a joke
your luck will arrive by mail or via the internet
send a copy to the people who really need luck. do not send money,
because you cannot buy luck, and do not keep it for more than 4 days.
one man, got his first copy of the proverb in 1953 and asked his
secretary to make him 20 copies.  nine hours later he won $99 million
in the lottery in his country.  an employee of his received the same
card, but did not forward it.  a few days later he lost his job.
after that, he changed his mind, sent it, and became rich.  in 1967,
another man got the proverb; he laughed about it and discarded it. a
few days later his son got sick.  the man looked for the note, made 20
copies, and sent them. nine days later, he got good news: his son was
safe and sound.
this card has beensent by anthony de croud, a missionary in south
africa.
before 96 hours pass you by, you should forward this message to 20
other people.
your luck will come within 4 days from the moment you received the
message.
what do you have to lose?
this card has just been sent to you for good luck.  now luck is
finally at your door.  send 20 copies to acquaintances, friends, and
family.  one day later you will get good news or a nice surprise.
i sent this card expecting it to go around the world.
send only 20 copies and expect good tidings to arrive in the next few
days.
important: do not modify the text that i sent you.  forward it exactly
the way you got it.
good luck!