thanouxay good to hear that the boeing 747 will be landed in laos soon
for the first time ever in laos in the very next months. i just have
the gut feeling that soon in the future we as lao exile will be
landing with the boeing 747 straight from tokyo or taipei directly
onto wattay airport instead of bangkok airport and then have to take
another flight into laos.  this is very good.
about the fcc video, hmong young girls got rapped and amputated by
your troop it is a real of the real.  not fabricated like you assumed.
in case you don't know the american policy well, let me tell you the
american people don't lie for livingg like all of the communist
contries do, if anyone get cought culprit
s/he will be punished no mtter what position s/he is even a governor
or president of the united states will be kicked out of office.
that's ahy american become the wolrd #1 country. the american set-up
the standard of everything and other contries just follow.  btw the
boeing 747 will be landing in laos it is made in the usa. not ussr or
china ok. all the boeing 747s on earth are either made from long beach
california or seattle washington.
if you want laos to be a developed/he tech country very soon you
bettter follow the american system. look at taiwan and south korea
they are hi tech and their people are rich now, because they follow
the american system.
example: if you want the traffic in vientiane to flow smoothly you
better use and follow the american systems of traffic design, traffic
signals and traffic regulations.
american don't lie that's why they are #1, beat up all your big
brothers russia and china.  i am happy i am in usa #1 democracy
country.
ffc does not lie...

will you be there? may be you can start your revolution right then and
there as to save trips.

no laws of any nation on earth would protect people who carried guns,
shot at government officials and innocent people and ran into forest
to hide. and the nextday they would just do the same. what these
people need is dose of reality: war was over almost thirty years ago
and no promises from the hmongolian terrorists oversea is real. so get
over it.